Mapbase converts crln_obs to hgln_obs if it is found in the header (#2946)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/2946.bugfix.rst

> Mapbase now converts Carrington longitude(crln_obs) to Stonyhurst longitude(hgln_obs), if Carrington longitude(crln_obs) is found in the header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Carrington longitude ("crln_obs") is found in the FITS header, `~sunpy.map.Map` converts this to the correct Heliographic longitude. 
```

Reviewer: Could this change be made? I think we can merge this after.
